use unique id as default fee recipient (#42)
0xProject/0x-launch-kit: README.md

1. Fork this repository
2. Clone your fork of this repository
3. Open the `config.ts`/`config.js` file (depending on the language you've chosen above) and edit the whitelisted tokens:

-   `WHITELISTED_TOKENS` -- Which tokens you would like to host orderbooks for.

> 

Reviewer: Why the new line?

Author: Weird. I ran it through a previewer and made all the newlines and idents consistent.

4. Open the `.env` file and edit the following fields. Defaults are defined in `config.ts`/`config.js`. The bash environment takes precedence over the `.env` file. If you run `source .env`, changes to the `.env` file will have no effect until you unset the colliding variables.

-   `NETWORK_ID` -- the network you'd like your relayer to run on (e.g: `1` -> mainnet, `42` -> Kovan, 3 -> Ropsten, etc...)

> -   `FEE_RECIPIENT` -- The Ethereum address which should be specified as the fee recipient in orders your relayer accepts. Defaults to a fake address that helps the 0x core team collect anonymous, non-invasive telemetry on Launch Kit developer usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `FEE_RECIPIENT` -- The Ethereum address which should be specified as the fee recipient in orders your relayer accepts. Defaults to a fake address that helps the 0x core team collect anonymous, already public data on Launch Kit developer usage.
```
